Docs--card group v2 (#1717)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/card-group.mdx

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Variations</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Modifiers</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Resources</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Content guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

> Card group by default arranges cards on a collapsed grid, and applies a 1px border between neighboring cards. Other grid modes can be used to separate the cards in different ways, depending on your needs. An optional CTA card in an inverse theme can be added for visual impact. Only one CTA card is allowed per group to properly guide attention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Card group arranges the various [cards](../components/cards) types within a grid and offers additional modifiers:
- cards per row
- offset cards
- gutter modes for spacing between cards
```

### Card group with card in card

Card in card can be used with the card group component to give focus to the first card. This works well when you need to give prominence to a single card in the group, with other cards providing secondary resources.

<Row>

<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of Card in card component above card group](../../images/component/card-group/card-group-variations-01.png)

<Caption>
  Card group with card in card above, all cards using the condensed grid
</Caption>

</Column>

</Row>

## Modifiers

### Cards per row

> Cards per row dictates the number of cards in a given row in the group. Depending on the total number of cards, this can be adjusted to avoid orphaning a single card in the last row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cards per row dictates the number of cards in a given row in the group. Depending on the total number of cards, this can be adjusted to avoid orphaning a single card in the last row. 

_Note: card groups should always adhere to the 2x grid and therefore we do not recommend selecting an odd number of cards per row (ie 5). In general 2–4 cards works best with most Carbon for IBM.com layout configurations._ 
```

See Carbon Design System's [Gutter modes](https://carbondesignsystem.com/guidelines/2x-grid/usage/#gutter-modes) documentation for more information.

![Card group with the condensed grid mode, giving 1px of space between each card](../../images/component/card-group/card-group-modifiers-02.png)

<Caption>
  Card group with the condensed grid mode, leaving 1px space between each card
</Caption>

![Card group with the narrow grid mode, giving 16px of space between each card](../../images/component/card-group/card-group-modifiers-03.png)

<Caption>
  Card group with the narrow grid mode, leaving 16px space between each card
</Caption>

![Card group with the wide grid mode, giving 32px of space between each card](../../images/component/card-group/card-group-modifiers-04.png)

<Caption>
  Card group with the wide grid mode, leaving 32px space between each card
</Caption>

### Offset

Offset adds an empty card slot to the beginning of the group, and can be used to achieve additional white space at the start of the card group. This can help vary the layout of card groups within a particular page.

<Row>

<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

> ![Image of Card in card component](../../images/component/card-group/card-group-modifiers-04.png)

Reviewer: Looks like this one might be missing an image of the offset cards!

### Card group with card in card

Card in card can be used with the card group component to give focus to the first card. This works well when you need to give prominence to a single card in the group, with other cards providing secondary resources.

<Row>

<Column colMd={8} colLg={8}>

![Image of Card in card component above card group](../../images/component/card-group/card-group-variations-01.png)

<Caption>
  Card group with card in card above, all cards using the condensed grid
</Caption>

</Column>

</Row>

## Modifiers

### Cards per row

Cards per row dictates the number of cards in a given row in the group. Depending on the total number of cards, this can be adjusted to avoid orphaning a single card in the last row.

> _Note: card groups should always adhere to the 2x grid and therefore we do not recommend selecting an odd number of cards per row (ie 5). In general 2–4 cards works best with most Carbon for IBM.com layout configurations._

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Note: card groups should always adhere to the 2x grid and therefore we do not recommend selecting an odd number of cards per row (i.e. 5). In general 2–4 cards works best with most Carbon for IBM.com layout configurations._
```
Changed `ie` -> `i.e.`
